Petersburg on Nevsky Prospect today
in the evening there was a serious
car crash suffered
a large number of people are passenger
the bus at full speed jumped out
crowded at this time the pavement
at least eight people injured two
died
exact number of victims unknown
since not everyone has applied for
medical assistance at the scene
our film crew is working
details and latest information
in the report dmitri twisted at these moments
still working at the scene
investigators are looking for witnesses of this
terrible car accident despite being
that at this time on Nevsky Prospect
tight stream of people
see how it all happened could not
many passengers of the ill-starred bus and
those who survived his wheels are in
state of shock
there was a big player just flew court
lost the sex of the girls immediately
ran into play soon it was normal
flight according to the bus executives
Park machine has passed the technical check
while the driver was an experienced driver
but at some point the bus which
rarely reaches speeds above 40
kilometers per hour
suddenly sped up and jumped out onto the pavement
according to the driver, the car stopped
obey to stay he and
directed her to a billboard
however, the bus flew several more
meters literally sweeping away on your way
two people died on the spot versions
at first he says he is claiming
gas pedal then you say
the brakes didn't work and he had to
drive through this public stop
transport and to stop the given
the bus made a trip to
Cake staff hybrids do not exclude
what on car handling could
affect weather conditions this morning
there was snowfall in Petersburg
also in this place on the carriageway
parts of visibility is severely limited this
one of the busiest places in Neva
Prospect here converge several
intersections two exits to the subway here
Square and Moscow Train Station, and here
For several years now there has been a large-scale
reconstruction of a residential area
construction fence blocks the whole
two lanes
driving around his driver ran over
stop eight people with different
injured taken to hospital
Petersburg among the victims there
minor child
traffic on Nevsky Prospect despite
on the events did not stop
public transport operates in
normal mode
Dmitry Vitov Denis the rope chenov
Evgeny Belyaev Channel One
St. Petersburg